AI Usage Journal
Naode Kiros
nkiros@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0203

Week 1:
  Sorry in advance but I do not have any saved chats with ai websites because I did not know we had to but I can talk about how I have used Ai this week. When downloading VS code for this class I was having some trouble
getting it on my computer so I had Chat gpt guide me on a step by step process on how to work through my issue. I dont know if talking about ai use has to retain to class but a fun way I used AI this week was putting in
a bunch of resturants and having it choose which place to doordash from.

Week 2: I had trouble with question 28 on our assignment this week so I tried using Ai to figure it out but still could not. Outside of that I did not use ai at all for many things outside of trying to figure out what the best shampoo/conditioner for my hairtype was lol. I do like this assignment though. Not many opprotunites to just write, its really refreshing.

Week 3: I used Ai on 2 of the questions for the weekly assignments and on an ssignment for math because if im being honest, im not the best at it so extra help never hurts. Outside of that I used ai when I played blackjack this weekend to figure out a rule dispute me and one of my buddies had. Other than that I did not use much Ai throughout the duration of the week

Week 4: I submited my week 4 journal but for some reason it did not save, I used Ai for a couple of the questions for the weekly coding assignments just to put me in the right direction, also used ai in deciding what game I should play on the playstation because I was bored with not much to do

Week 5: This week, I used AI to help me with some of my school assignments and research. It helped me summarize readings, check my grammar, and explain difficult concepts in simpler terms. I also used it to solve a few math problems and verify my answers. Overall, it made my work faster and easier to understand.

Week 6: I worked for the mens basketball team on campus and I used ai to help with photoshop for one of our scouting vists coming up since I am not well versed in it. I used Ai for 2 of the questions on the weekly assiggnment as well I had trouble running the first two questions but ChatGpt helped me with figuring that out. I also used AI in helping pick our fantasy basketball draft order eariler thus week.

Week 7: I used Ai for this weeks assignment but for a couple questions. Had issues with a couple of the prompts and used it to kind of dumb down what it was asking and how I could get the questions started. Used ai in helping me forrmulate a good schedule for my classes next semster as well. Outside of that i did not use much AI.

Week 8: I used AI this week in helping me with a couple problems with this weeks assignemnt and helped me summarize some notes for another class I am in. Also used ai in picking teams for pickup basketball at epply around like tuesday. Outside of that did not use it too heavy on the week
